Fix tabs container (#3132)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/sweet-parents-chew.md

---
"@salt-ds/lab": patch
---

> Fix tabs container height to fit its contents and display as block so it can take 100% width without an extra wrapper

Reviewer: Change stories so Chromatic captures update to date example?

> Fix tabs container height to fit its contents and display as block so it can take 100% width without an extra wrapper

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed tabs container height to fit its contents and display as block so it can take 100% width without an extra wrapper.
- Updated stories to reflect up to date implementation.
```

---
"@salt-ds/lab": patch
---

- Fixed tabs container height to fit its contents and display as block so it can take 100% width without an extra wrapper.

> - Updated stories to reflect up to date implementation.

Reviewer 2: Stories haven't been updated?
